Oh great, another Monday.
I just love sitting in traffic.
Yeah, like I really need more work.
Sure, the weather is "fantastic" for a picnic.
I can't wait to hear more of your advice.
Oh, another meeting, how exciting!
What a surprise, my train is late again.
Just what I wanted, more rain.
Of course, your singing is just like a professional.
Great, another diet that won't work.
Wow, I've never heard that joke before.
Yeah, I just love doing overtime.
Oh, I can't believe how fast the internet is today.
Sure, I absolutely love getting up early.
Wow, this is the cleanest city I've ever seen.
I'm thrilled to be stuck in this elevator.
Can't wait to spend my weekend doing nothing.
Oh look, another email from my boss.
Wow, your baby's crying is so melodious.
Yes, please tell me more about your dream vacation.
Another day of blissful peace and quiet in the city.
Oh, I just love when my computer crashes.
Fantastic, I forgot my umbrella on a rainy day.
Oh, I'm so excited for another dentist appointment.
Yeah, team-building exercises are my favorite.
Oh boy, leftovers for dinner again.
I can't believe how affordable these prices are.
Great, my phone's battery died again.
I'm so glad to be waiting in this long line.
Yes, your opinions on politics are really changing my mind.
Of course, I love it when my neighbors play loud music.
Wow, I can't believe how fast this line is moving.
I'm so happy to hear about your gym routine again.
Oh, I just adore cleaning up messes.
Sure, I have all the time in the world to wait.
I'm so grateful for this extra work.
Yes, I love hearing about your cat all the time.
Oh, how I've missed these traffic jams.
Absolutely, I enjoy being ignored.
Can't think of anything better than unpaid overtime.
Oh, your unsolicited advice is so helpful.
I'm ecstatic to be working on the weekend.
Yay, another sleepless night.
Sure, I love it when my flight gets delayed.
Yeah, I just love unexpected bills.
Great, another day of freezing weather.
I'm thrilled to be the third wheel again.
Oh, I'm so excited to be doing laundry.
Of course, I enjoy being stuck in the middle seat.
Yes, I just love it when people are late.